These are the rules for the (video) game Backshot Roulette, but for multiple players



Stage 1:

Every player now has 1 life. The buckshot is loaded with 2-4 shells with a live percentage of 33% - 66%. Whenever the buckshot is emptied, it is refilled with 2-4 shells with a live percentage of 33% - 66%. When a player shoots a live, they are given a credit. At the start of every round, each player is given 2 items (up to 4 items). The first round starts. Once a single player is left, that player is given 10 credits, and the game moves to stage 2.

Stage 2:

Every player now has 2 lives. The buckshot is loaded with 4-8 shells with an live percentage of 33% - 66%. Whenever the buckshot is emptied, it is refilled with 4-8 shells with a live percentage of 33% - 66%. When a player shoots a live, they are given two credits. At the start of every round, each player is given 3 item (up to 6 items). The first round starts. Once a single player is left, that player is given 20 credits, and the game moves to stage 3.

Stage 3:

Every player now has 3 lives. The buckshot is loaded with 6-8 shells with an live percentage of 33% - 75%. Whenever the buckshot is emptied, it is refilled with 6-8 shells with a live percentage of 33% - 66%. When a player shoots a live, they are given three credits. At the start of every round, each player is given 4 item (up to 8 items). The first round starts. Once a single player is left, that player is given 30 credits, and the game ends. Whoever has the most credits wins.


When a player's turn starts, they can use one or more items, trade, or shoot an active player (including themselves). If they shoot another player, their turn ends. If they shoot themselves with a blank, their turn continues (use item(s) or shoot). If they shoot themselves with a live, their turn ends. If they shoot themselves with a blank and the buckshot is emptied, their turn ends.

You can only trade once per turn, and all trades must be one item for another item. Each player can only be shot with a live once per round. Once that happens, they cannot be targeted. At the start of each stage, the buckshot is emptied and reloaded, all items are removed, and all handcuffs are removed. Players must always end their turns on a shot (live or blank, others or themselves).


Items:
Cigarettes (uncommon): Regain a life (up to how many the stage starts with)
Magnifying Glass (uncommon): Check if current round is live
Beer (common): Empty the current round (ends turn if buckshot is emptied)
Barrel Extension (uncommon): Doubles shotgun damage and credits (removed after shot, regardless of live or blank)
Handcuffs (common): Skips a player's next turn
Unknown Ticket (rare): Cancels turn end (can be used whenever turn is about to end)
Gold Star (common): Adds a live to the buckshot (in a random position)
Silver Star (uncommon): Adds a blank to the buckshot (in a random position)


Common: 1x multiplier
Uncommon: 0.6x multuplier
Rare: 0.3x multiplier